Release: 2.5.6 annoucement (#425)
mixxxdj/website: content/news/XXXX-XX-XX-mixxx-2_5_6-released.md

Reviewer: The file name shall also be renamed.

title: Mixxx 2.5.6 Released
authors: Antoine Colombier
tags: 2.5.6, release announcement
comments: yes
date: 2026-03-06 22:54:46

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
status: draft
```
See Readme: 

> Let the status on draft and don't add a date field. When the PR is merged, GitHub actions will automatically rename the file, add the appropriate date and remove the draft status.

Author: This was needed to see the preview, otherwise it doesn't show for some reasons.

#### Mixxx 2.5.6 Release Announcement

We're proud to announce a new stable release of Mixxx: version 2.5.6. This version contains updates and fixes for issues, as well as improvements to effects, controller mappings, and overall stability. This should be the last 2.5 release.

> Note that this release comes shortly after 2.5.5 in order to fix an issue that occurs with our automation.

Reviewer: It was actually a fault in the manual process. But lest be less specific but still correct. I picked this note in the CHANGELOG.md
> Note: Version 2.5.5 has been skipped following an issue in the release workflow.

```suggestion
Note that this version is the sucessor of version 2.5.4 because version 2.5.5 has been skipped following an issue in the release workflow.
```

Enjoy Mixxx!

#### Important updates and fixes in 2.5.5

- The 'not' operator in the search function was not working correctly.
- Rhythmbox imports were not functioning as expected.
- A warning about "dataChanged() called with an invalid index range" has been resolved.
- History playlists now allow track file export.
- Performance when restoring large track selections has been improved.
- White Noise and Echo effects have been enhanced, and crackling in QuickEffect has been fixed.
- Controller mappings for Numark Mixtrack 3, Pioneer CDJ-350, Reloop Beatmix 2/4, and Traktor Kontrol Z1 have been updated.
- Scratching with keylock enabled has been fixed.

> - Flatpak packaging files have been added for easier installation on Linux.

Reviewer 2: This is a big thing, no?
I suggest to move it to the top

Author: Because we are not entirely confident about our setup, I would prefer we keep it quiet for now, and then potentially do a specific blog post about (+update the download page) once this confirmed to operate correctly.
